# Introduction

I hope you are as excited as we are about you joining IMC, and we're looking
forward to having you in our Software Engineering Global Traineeship
(colloquially known as Dev School).

Before we start the traineeship together, we want to ensure that you have a
solid understanding of certain widely used open-source technologies. We have a
limited amount of time available for the traineeship, so we want to be able to
use that time for working directly with instructors to learn advanced topics and
IMC-specific tooling. Therefore, it is essential that you spend time
familiarizing yourself with these technologies prior to the start of the
program. The attached documents describe the contents that you should focus on.

While we will provide you with recommended learning resources as a starting
point, please note that independent research and exploration are expected from
each of you. Self-directed learning is a crucial skill for success at IMC, and
this is an opportunity to practice that!

For each technology, we have compiled a set of recommended learning resources
that will serve as a great starting point for your studies. We have found these
to be good introductory resources for covering fundamental concepts and
providing practical examples to help grasp the essentials. If they do not fit
your learning style, you are encouraged to find your own resources on Google,
YouTube, or elsewhere. If you are already familiar with any material, feel
free to skip the specific content.

Additionally, we are providing you with a checklist of concepts for each
technology. This checklist will serve as a valuable tool to ensure that you
cover the most important topics within each technology. It is highly recommended
that you use this checklist as a guideline to gauge your progress and track your
learning.

For some topics, we have prepared exercises to work through, and/or an exam to
test your knowledge. Any exams are open-book and untimed - once again, the
point is to help double-check your understanding and gauge your progress. However,
when noted, please submit your answers via email.

It is very important that you are completely comfortable with these basics, as
they are mostly taken for granted in the training.

If you have any questions or need further clarification, please don't hesitate
to reach out to us. We are more than happy to assist you.
